chore(docs): update docs to indicate old version of cli in homebrew (#476)
awslabs/cdk8s: packages/cdk8s-cli/README.md

* npm: `npm i -g cdk8s-cli`
* yarn: `yarn global add cdk8s-cli`

> | Note: the latest version available via Homebrew is `0.33.0` because Homebrew does not support beta releases. Please use `npm` or `yarn` if you need a later version of the `cdk8s` cli.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: the latest version of the `cdk8s` cli available via Homebrew is `0.33.0` because Homebrew does not accept beta versions. Once a stable `1.0.0` version is released it will be available on Homebrew as well. In the meantime, please use `npm` or `yarn` to install the latest cli.
```
